Track2 documentation for ga (#18869)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: documentation/MIGRATION-guide-for-next-generation-management-libraries.md

# Guide for migrating to the next generation of Azure JavaScript SDK for Management Libraries

> This document is intended to show the customers of the JavaScript/TypeScript management libraries on how to migrate their code to use the next-generation libraries.

Reviewer: This document shows the customers......

**For new customers of the JavaScript/TypeScript SDK ([azure-sdk-for-js](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js)) please see [quick start for next generation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/documentation/next-generation-quickstart.md).**

## Current status

Currently, we have released GA version of selected services including `@azure/arm-resources`, `@azure/arm-storage`, `@azure/arm-compute`, `@azure/arm-network`. We are actively working on releasing more packages and eventually cover all Azure services. Please find the latest version of those libraries in npmjs.com and have a try.

## Why Switching to the next-generation

Compared to the current management libraries, the next-generation libraries have the following changes:

> 1. Authentication: The packages `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` or `@azure/ms-rest-browserauth` are no longer supported. Use package [@azure/identity](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity) instead. Select a credential from Azure Identity examples based on the authentication method of your choice.

Reviewer: Please fix the numbers. All points have 1

> ## Current status

Reviewer 2: For the file name, can we make it simpler like MigrationGuide_ManagementSDK

Author: Not sure if that's a normal typescript filename pattern, @nickzhums what do you think of it ?

Reviewer 3: what's the normal typescript pattern?

Author: For code, it's camel case I think, not sure about the document name.

> Currently, we have GAed several packages such as `@azure/arm-resources`, `@azure/arm-storage`, `@azure/arm-compute`, `@azure/arm-network` for next-generation. See more from npmjs.com and find the latest version and have a try.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Currently, we have GAed selected services such as `@azure/arm-resources`, `@azure/arm-storage`, `@azure/arm-compute`, `@azure/arm-network` for next-generation. We are actively working on releasing more packages and eventually cover all Azure services. See more from npmjs.com and find the latest version and have a try.
```
